Spree_rtl
========
###This is a work in progress. Please do not use!
This is a Spree extension to provide Right to left layout for rtl languages such as Arabic, Persian, Urdu, and others.

Installation
------------

Add spree_rtl to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_rtl'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_rtl:install
```

How to use
----------
add the folowing to every locale you want to be directed left to right:
Assuming locale is Arabic, open the /config/locales/ar.yml or created if it does not exist and add ```dir: "rtl"```
Please note that if you just created an empty file, you need to add ```ar:``` at the very top of the file.

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_rtl/factories'
```

### Checklist (more will be added to it)
- [x] Change layout from ltr to rtl depeding on language
- [x] Give the user the ablity to enable and disable changing layout direction
- [ ] Apply layout changes to admin panel.
- [ ] Default dir to "ltr" when not being defined in locale.
- [ ] move the homepage link at the top to the right.
- [ ] Reorder the checkout stages bar at the top of /checkout.

Copyright (c) 2014 Aman Alshurafa, released under the New BSD License
